Document feature-test macros (#2049)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: doc/main/reference/feature_test_macros.rst

.. _feature_test_macros:

Feature-test Macros
===================

.. contents::
    :local:
    :depth: 2

Description
***********

|short_name| defines a set of preprocessor macros corresponding to the features
provided by the library. They are intended for detecting the presence of these features.

Each of these macros is defined in the header ``<oneapi/tbb/version.h>`` and in the feature headers
specified in the table below.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a paragraph explaining the relationship between preview features and feature test macros. For example, something like, "For preview features, the feature test macro will only be defined if the preview feature macro has been defined. You cannot use a feature test macro to guard the setting of a feature's preview macro."

And then maybe give a counter example like:

```
#include <oneapi/tbb/version.h>
#if TBB_HAS_FEATURE_X
#define TBB_PREVIEW_FEATURE_X
#include <feature_header.h>
#endif
```

Reviewer 2: Added suggested paragraph and also an example of incorrect/correct usage.

.. _feature_test_macros:

Feature-test Macros
===================

.. contents::
    :local:
    :depth: 2

Description
***********

|short_name| defines a set of preprocessor macros corresponding to the features
provided by the library. They are intended for detecting the presence of these features.

Each of these macros is defined in the header ``<oneapi/tbb/version.h>`` and in the feature headers
specified in the table below.

> For preview features, the feature test macro are only defined if the feature is enabled by defining its

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For preview features, the feature test macro is only defined if the feature is enabled by defining its
```

> been defined. You cannot use a feature test macro to guard the setting of a feature's preview macro.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For preview features, the feature test macro are only defined if the feature is enabled by defining its
preview macro. You cannot use a feature test macro to guard setting of the feature preview macro.
```
